-♪ Well. I've been gone for a long time ♪
-two thumbs.
-Two thumbs? That's cheating.
Oh! No. no. no. no!
Oh!
I am defeated.
Oga Muga.
-Let's go.
-See you tonight. Biscuit.
-Tam. Oga Muga.
-♪ Under the Lonely Sky ♪
♪ Because I've been gone for so long ♪
-I have a question for you.
So the feces of
rhinoceros feces smells like
Flowers and their blood are like a rainbow.
-Yes.
-What? Really?
-How does it work again?
But all unicorns can fly. right?
-Only if they have wings.
That would be a pegakorn.
-Well. I knew that.
- And they're helping
fans. Aunt Sadie!
-Oh. Biscuit.
Get in. The other children in the playroom.
-I love you. -I love you. Daddy.
-Enjoy.
-Complete.
-Oh.
Thank you for this.
-Of course.
-We'll be back after dark
darkness to pick her up.
-How do you feel?
-Good. Yes. I'm very nervous.
-I must have seen a ring
in his bag this morning.
-Can I fuck the best man?
-No.
You are married with children.
-Excuse me. Still
Mom can still have fun.
-Stepmother.
- So I'm going to take her to
that place with a view
on Mount Signal.
That's it. This is my plan.
Not enough. Right?
-Chase. you're a great man. a great father.
Like. you'll say yes.
-Can I say no?
-Missy... Come on.
We talked about this.
You - you like this
man. You love his daughter.
- I never wanted to be a mom.
You know. like some girls.
this is their biggest dream.
Me? Not me.
-mm. You'll find it.
You know everything. That's what you do.
-Yes.
-Effie loves her. so...
And I love her.
-Oh. stop. Get out of here.
-It's okay.
-Good luck.
-Thank you.
-I'm just afraid that
end up...
-No. no. no. no. no. You
don't look anything like her. okay?
You're not a monster.
Missy. you have a good thing going here.
No shit.
-Are you talking nonsense about me?
♪ Now I'm the right person ♪
-Pull my finger.
-♪ Who stayed in the rain
- We are good.
♪ It's been a long time ♪
♪ And I paid the price ♪
♪ Every step took me away from the love of my life ♪
♪ I thought
I could find you ♪
♪ But I lost my path ♪
♪ I've gone too far
To find my way back.
♪ You have now gone too far ♪
♪ To find my way ♪
♪ Return ♪
-feels a little light. Are you
sure you got it all?
-Hmmm.
-Compass?
-Yes.
-Batteries?
-Of course.
-Live Straw?
-Two of them.
-Two?
-Yes.
-Have two LifeStraws?
When was the last time you had to
to use a LifeStraw?
-Never. But it's good
good to have.
It's a professional move for the father.
-There's a little boy scout.
Let's go.
-Hey. um. you have
the keys. don't you?
-No.
-Missy. come on. I'm serious.
-No. I'm serious. I don't have the keys.
I don't have them. Maybe...
You may have locked them in the
the car again.
-Once more? -Yes. once.
Shit.
-Oh yes. I should have known.
-I caught you.
-You're so funny.
-I'm very funny. That's why you love me.
-Yes.
-How many times have you fallen for it?
-This is the last time.
-Well. there's a pond. We can
try our LifeStraws.
-Or we could go skinny dipping.
-Thank you. sweetheart.
-You're welcome.
-Oh. no.
What the hell?
-Well. that's new.
Maybe someone's art project?
-Art project?
All the way over here?
Should we redo this for Evie?
-This is strange. You are a stranger.
-Why? -She's cute.
She kind of looks like me.
-No.
-And I think this guy
looks like a spitting image of you.
- That doll doesn't look like me at all.
He looks like an English baby.
with purple eyes.
-Looks just like you.
This is us.
-very strange.
Can we go? I think
they're kind of cute.
I want to bring them.
-I'd rather you didn't bring them.
I like to put them aside.
-You don't want to kiss her?
-I don't want to touch those things.
- Oh. great. So you
don't think I'm hot?
Unkempt.
-Don't touch me with your doll hands.
Don't touch me. You have
dirty fucking puppet hands!
Disgusting!
-Oh. wow.
- Right?
This is my favorite place.
Not just on the mountains. anywhere.
I used to come here all the time when I was younger.
all the time when I was younger.
-I can see why.
It's so beautiful.
-Let's take a picture.
-Complete.
-Wonderful.
Here we are.
Ready?
-Cheese.
Nice - good.
How about one of us for Effie?
Whew.
-Another art project?
-I don't know what this is.
-It's scary.
-Yes.
I'll go check it out.
-What?
-Sounds like soon. I'll go
just to take a look.
- Uh...
How about. uh. never...
never leave a trace?
Isn't that a boy thing?
Boy Scout thing?
You never leave the road.
-I don't think this is a real rule.
I'll be right back.
Oga Muga.
-You're breaking the rule.
- Oh. don't break the rules.
Oh! You're going to break the rules.
-I am the stranger.
just fine.
-Hello?
Oh.
Are you okay?
-Hey. I don't want to interrupt you.
Wait.
It's okay. It's all right.
All right?
Just... Wait.
wait. wait. wait. wait.
Wait.
-No. no. no.
No.
Ah!
-Hunt!
Hunt!
Hello?
Ah! Ah!
Oh my God!
Chase. help!
Hunted! Where -- where --
Where is it?
Helps!
Somebody help!
Please help me!
It helps! Can anyone hear me?!
Helps!
Please help me!
Yes. Yes.
chasing.
Helps!
Someone fucking help!
Helps! Somebody help!
Oh.
Get away from me!
Ah!
Hello?
-Hello?
-Come to the wall.
Here.
-Please. Hello.
-You're not getting out of that room
Unless I let you out.
-Who are you?
-She will hear you. She hears everything.
Her?
-What is that thing?
-I don't know.
But there's a key somewhere.
A large silver one.
Find this key
and I will do the rest.
-Where am I?
Who are you?
-Just stay alive.
-How?
-It's a game. You will have to
play side-by-side.
-What? What do you mean.
"Playing along"?
Her new doll.
-What?
What? - Find this key.
-Hey. hey. Wait.
Tell me what to do.
-Search for this
key. Here it comes.
Here it comes.
Find this key.
-Hello? -Just tell me what you want.
Okay. Want to play?
Exactly.
Oh. I'm--I'm sorry.
I'm sorry!
No. no. no. no.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
I don't need that.
No. I don't - I don't need that.
I'm fine.
Excuse me.
Please. no. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Minh-minh-minh-minh.
- from him.
Hey. that's--that's--that's not for you.
This is not for you.
This is Khatami.
Give me back my ring!
listens. I just--
I just want the ring.
Excuse me.
Unh!
Ah!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I won't do it again. I promise.
What is this? I won't do
that again. I promise.
Please just let me out.
Ah!
What the hell?
-One!
Please. I'm begging
to you. Please stop.
Please stop. Excuse me. I won't
do it again. I promise.
Please don't do it again
again. Please. Please.
Ah!
-from him.
from him.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no.
No.
mm.
Oh.
No!
No! No!
Ah!
Mnh-mnh. Mnh-mnh. Mnh-mnh.
-Did you find the key?
-No. Where is it?
-Basement.
I think it's its own place.
I've come this far.
But please don't forget me.
-I'll be back.
Okay?
My ears! My fucking ears!
Ah! Uh oh.
What the hell?!
What the fuck did you do to me?!
Oh!
mm.
-Missy!
-Is that you?
-Shhh. she's asleep.
-Oh. oh. You are not
still alive.
There's a flashlight on
somewhere on the floor.
Thank you.
She - does she do that to you?
-Who are you?
-Oh.
We have to go. We have to hurry.
Excuse me. The same key
opens these chains.
-Why are you in chains?
- I've had her like this for months.
Ever since her mom got sick.
Please give me this key.
Excuse me.
-Mother?
-I'll tell you everything.
when we get out of here.
I can lift the door bar
this. I can get us out.
I can do that.
-Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.
-Complete.
Where is it?
-It's here.
Thank you. Thank you.
-I got it.
-Thank you.
Oh. my God.
-This is my brother.
He came looking for me since
period. but it got to him first.
He made me watch.
-Jesus Christ.
-There is no grace to be found here.
-What are you doing?
-Shh.
-Get me out of here.
-said-said-shh.
I can't-- I can't move
this door bar. girl.
And even if you could. you would hear me
Halfway down the stairs.
I told you. she has an ear
like a hound's ear.
That bitch.
-Fuck you.
- Not yet. Soon.
Coming soon.
Oh. I taught her well.
I taught it well.
Hey. kid!
Child. wake up!
You've got your little toy.
Child. come out. Come out.
You better hurry up. too.
Or I'll cut your little throat right here.
-Fuck you.
- Shut up. little girl.
I won't kill you if
I can help him.
No. no. I'll take you with me.
I'm leaving now. I will go.
Child!
Baby. you're here now!
Don't make me hurt this
little girl!
Fuck you.
Little girl. it's
better get down here now.
And lift that damn door bar!
Where are you. baby? Where are you hiding?
Where are you hiding. baby?
I know you're here. Door bar
is still running.
Kid. get out!
I'm sorry about this. little girl.
- Ah! Ah.
-Do you hear that. baby?
baby girl?! She's bleeding now!
It bleeds really well!
Screaming back at her.
-Oh.
-Scream!
- You hear her screaming like a child.
You hear your baby screaming?!
I'll do it like I did with you.
Unless you come down here now!
Hey. kid.
I got your baby.
-Please.
-I will do it. You should know.
-Noah-unh.
Noah Unh. young lady.
I dropped that shovel.
I drop it. I dropped it.
Drop it.
Good girl.
-Oh!
-I'm not done with you yet. little girl.
Not by a rocky country lane.
- You should have killed me. kid.
You should have killed me.
They buried me with the rest of them.
How long are you going to keep me tied up?
Huh? For how long?!
What do you think?
With your mom gone. can you
do what you want now?
This is still my home.
My fucking house!
-Oh! No!
-Ah! Aah! Ooh!
- Ah!
Oh. no. no. no. no. please.
Please. I helped you!
I helped you! Please!
No.
No. no. I--I helped you.
I helped you.
Excuse me!
Dismount!
Mom!
Help. mom.
Mom. please.
Oh!
Mother.
Mom. I love you.
-Hunt.
-Missy!
Missy!
Hunt! Hunt. Hunt.
Oh. my God. Oh. my God.
What did I do to you?
-Listening...
-I found the ring.
-I love you.
I love you very much.
I love Effie.
I love you guys with all my fucking heart.
Listen to me.
We have to go.
We have to go now. okay?
Because it's coming. Excuse me.
Come on!
Come on. You have to get up.
You have to get up.
No! Whoa!
Whoa!
Stop!
Whoa.
Whoa!
He hit me.
-No!
-Come on.
- No!
No!
You're a fucking monster!
-My child.
-Missy!
-I never wanted to be a mom.
Oh. my God.
Ah!
Ha ha!
Oh!
Ah!
-Fuck you.
Fuck you.
Fuck you!
Ah!
-♪ of your own design
-Help me.
-Damn!
-Please help me.
Excuse me.
-Oh. my God. Are you okay?
-No!
-No. no.
Uh. did the bear do this?
Cougar or...?
Uh...
-Woman.
It's a woman...
-um-- huh?
-...with a porcelain doll mask.
-Doll mask?
- A really fucking face.
-You say puppet mask?
-Yes.
- Uh uh...
-It's coming now! We have to
go before she gets here!
- Get in the truck and I will...
There is something elementary to help.
You do that and I'm coming.
I got this. I got
you. I got this.
Oh...
Youth...
You won't believe this.
We've got another one.
-Same story. Someone in a doll mask.
-I said doll mask?
-Get in the car! Get in the car!
Get in the car! No! No!
Get in the car! Get in the car!
No. no.
-No!
Get away from me.
Get away from me!
I hate you! I hate you!
I hate you!
Ah!
No.
No!
Tractor!
Come on.
-♪ I held her on
the day she was born ♪
♪ Small hands. big blue eyes ♪
♪ A very warm heart ♪
♪ She swore she would guide her
Through this wide world ♪
♪ Teach her the truth ♪
♪ Keep her safe by her side ♪
♪ Honey. life is not easy ♪
♪ Love is not free ♪
♪ You reap what you sow ♪
♪ Take it from me ♪
♪ When the road gets bumpy ♪
♪ Honey. don't cut and run ♪
♪ A truly strong woman
stands by what she has done ♪
♪ Years have passed ♪
♪ Growing up so fast ♪
♪ I found the wild side ♪
♪ She burned her bridges too quickly ♪
♪ I started running with a reckless crowd ♪
♪ She didn't hear her mom ♪
♪ So proud ♪
♪ Honey. life is not easy ♪
♪ Love is not free ♪
♪ You reap what you sow ♪
♪ Take it from me ♪
♪ When the road gets bumpy ♪
♪ Don't turn around and run away ♪
♪ A truly strong woman
stands by what she has done ♪
♪ Take it away. boy ♪
I looked into her eyes and said:
"Girl. I still love you ♪
♪ But love doesn't mean
covering up what's real ♪
♪ I made your bed ♪
♪ Now lie in it firmly ♪
♪ Spend your time
♪ Learning right from wrong
♪ Honey. life is not easy ♪
♪ Love is not free ♪
♪ You reap what you sow ♪
♪ Take it from me ♪
♪ When the road gets bumpy ♪
♪ Don't turn around and run away ♪
♪ A truly strong woman
stands by what she has done ♪
-One. two.
-Thank you for coming tonight.
I hope you enjoy the show.
What about Messi?
I hope you come back to
home after all.
And Dolly - oh man. oh man.
A real bee in her bonnet.
It's a bad seed. isn't it?
Then again. it seems
there's something else
that happens in that
house with that family.
If you can
even call it that.
Well. we'll see you again
soon with Dolly 2.
That's right folks. you
know how these things work.
We are Baby Boys.
Give them hell. I know we will.
-They got it. Wilkerson. Toby.
-I told him. he didn't want any visitors.
-He said you want to know.
-Shut up.
-He said we had to
come out here.
He said you need to
to know right away.
Well. they found very little of it.
But get this.
They also found a woman there.
That woman was wearing a doll mask.
-Mask the doll. sir.
-like on a doll.